[admin](Adding descriptions) (#1670)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/tutorials/excel-tutorial-create-custom-functions.md

---
title: Excel custom functions tutorial

> description: 'In this tutorial, you'll create an Excel add-in that contains a custom function that can perform calculations, request web data, or stream web data.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'In this tutorial, you will create an Excel add-in that contains a custom function that can perform calculations, request web data, or stream web data.'
```
